welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the G 19's this is the first refresh
we've seen for a flagship keyboard from
Logitech since the original G 19 which
added a full-color LCD to the already
awesome features of the G 15 unless you
count the g7 10 plus which is a
mechanical gaming keyboard so the G 19
is not mechanical but it does have their
game panel LCD technology as well as
their new advanced surface materials so
with their new G Series Logitech's sort
of tagline is science wins and the idea
is that by strategically applying better
quality materials and advanced materials
to the products they can make them look
better over time and feel better to use
so inside you find not a whole lot
there's a little Quick Start Guide setup
guide there's a wrist rest and an AC
adapter because it has a built-in
monitor basically it has a built in
screen on it you actually do need to
power this keyboard from the wall in
addition to the USB power but the
advantage to this is that the built-in
USB port on the keyboard itself are not
passive so they don't rely on the power
provided from your computer which means
they are powered ports and you can run
more power-hungry devices off of them
such as things like I don't know USB
speakers or whatever else where a lot of
the time with regular hubs built into
keyboards you do not have that
functionality so on the bottom of the
keyboard
you've got more Logitech C calling their
cable management so you can see here
you're able to route your you know I
don't know whether it's your probably
your headphone cable or whatever else
you want to run through here either
through this side through this edge
through this edge up here down here
wherever you want it to go in fact you
can have things come out wherever you
want down here which is kind of nice
because how many times have you guys
been sitting playing a game and you got
your headset cable over top of your hand
it's just I don't know it's just
annoying right so there you go there's
my little rant about that you can adjust
the angle of the keyboard just by
pulling up these feet here I wouldn't
have minded seeing these with rubber
tops on the ends of them however they
feel pretty sturdy so I don't think even
in a fit of nerd
age they'd be at risk of breaking which
is the only complaint I had about the
g15 Gen one was the the breakable wrist
rest but if logitech's whole thing has
advanced materials I don't think we're
too worried about that anymore
we've got rubber feet here so you don't
generally have to worry about the
keyboard going anywhere so there you go
speaking of advanced materials this does
feel different from what I'm used to on
a wrist rest so rather than being a
plastic piece with a coating it feels
more like it's a more rugged piece of
plastic so the idea is that it's
supposed to be hydrophobic which makes
it sort of cool to the touch and so that
it's not going to get all greasy and
disgusting looking and then the same
thing on the keyboard itself on the back
or on the faceplate is what they're
calling it that's supposed to be a
fingerprint resistant coating so even
though it's glossy Oh
check that out I don't know how close in
you can get but even if I like try to
leave a fingerprint on it it actually
works so that would be my one complaint
about the g7 10-plus is that the the
glossy faceplate yeah is not that
fingerprint resistant whereas on this
one I really don't see that being an
issue that's very cool
all right so moving on to the features
we've got here is our full-color LCD
display which we can be controlled
either through the software or through
the menu and navigation buttons here
we've also got a game button which will
disable your context menu as well as
your Windows key so that you don't have
to worry about accidentally pressing
them all of these macro buttons can be
recorded on the fly so there's 12 of
them with three different layers so
that's up to 36 different macro
functions and then again you can record
them on the fly so that's pretty fly
sorry the keyboard layout is very
standard long shifts long backspace long
enter so nothing that I'd consider to be
a cardinal sin that would bother me the
WASD Keys are color-coded in a different
color and the backlighting of the
keyboard overall is customizable which
is very cool so you can change the color
to whatever you want that's again done
through the Logitech software over here
on the right side we find the layout is
again very standard so you've got more
gaming color coding for the arrow keys
themselves although I've very rarely
seen folks game with these keys speaking
of gaining key
the keyboard has five key rollover
meaning that no matter what five keys
you press so if you take your entire
hand and kind of go like this they will
all be registered correctly without any
glitchy behavior number pad is pretty
normal the number pad you can like do a
turn key with it and then over here
we've got a volume wheel this is one of
my favorite implementations of volume
control many less expensive keyboards
will implement it as sort of like a
function key with like you know press
press press press press for volume
control
I love the wheel implementation because
it's very natural to use you've also got
a mute button as well as play stop back
and forward and then your LED brightness
can be controlled here now I think any
kind of video of the G 19's is going to
be incomplete without actually taking
the thing and plugging it into a
computer so I'd like to do that but
beforehand I'm just going to let our
camera operator who goes by the thuggish
name of b-roll go look at it while I
figure out if there's anything that I
actually missed already advanced surface
materials game desktop mode five gear
rollover dedicated media control
intelligent cable management and a three
year warranty there I haven't covered
that yet we'll be back in a moment so
here we are with the G 19's set up in
it's sort of natural environment which
is of course right next to a g7 ten plus
now I want you to get in nice and close
to the g7 ten plus and check out these
greasy marks around the arrow keys here
there's pretty much nothing you can do
about that on the g7 10 plus whereas can
you see that at all yep okay whereas
with the G 19's no matter what I do to
it other than this spot right here this
will this will still get dirty but these
spots right here due to the coating on
it you can see that it doesn't end up
looking gross because of what they've
done here so that I thought that was
really cool that was sort of their point
with this keyboard but there you go so
okay so this button it turns out
actually controls the LCD here and then
let's go ahead and a so the backlighting
is it's a white backlight on here right
now but I've got the Logitech Gaming
software going right here so I mean
Logitech really does have the most
refined software to go with there
peripherals so you can see it with the
three logitech things that I have
built-in I can go okay well I want to
select which things I want so I can have
a YouTube video player for the LCD here
I can have an LCD webcam Bureau that's
kind of cool so you could like webcam
with your mom while you're actually
gaming and you could just have her here
sort of tucked away application button
will either list the running applet so
here let's try the application button
which is this guy right here okay so
that controls the applets that are
running on the LCD screen here itself so
we can go ahead and I don't know we'll
go to the the video player so we'll go
to top-rated how to be beautiful from
PewDiePie
oh no that can only be a bad thing okay
no flash player not installed cancel
cancel ah go back go back okay so this
is just to browse the YouTube videos
well either way we don't want to watch
PewDiePie as a video about how to be
beautiful so let's go ahead and check
out the software so there's also
lighting controls that you can change so
let's go ahead and kill the house lights
and I'll show you guys that we can
change the LEDs to pretty much whatever
color we want Diesel's hitting the
lights for me just using the software
control panel here so we can go ahead
and go like that so all of a sudden
we've got a blue / green backlight we
can go like this and we end up with a
very deep blue very customizable you can
control the brightness as well so here's
what it looks like full red here's the
brightness control so it has looks like
Wow a lot of different brightness steps
I've seen keyboards brag about 10
different steps of brightness but this
is pretty much linear control you can
also quickly select you can have oh you
can have different backlight colors per
profile so your profiles are up here so
you can see that it's already set up
that way so I'm switching between those
is changing the colors and then of
course you can set up all the usual
stuff that you can do in Logitech
software like setting up profiles per
game and it really is a very complete
list that they have compared to what
other guys are doing as well as
programming all the different keys and
all the different layers per key right
here onboard memory is controlled here
so that's how you can save profiles
directly to the keyboard itself
and I think that pretty much wraps it up
thank you for checking out this unboxing
and first look don't forget to subscribe
- tech tips from unboxings reviews and
other computer videos